# Dictated Portfolio

In 2014 I joined a small Startup founded by Shaun Parker called airtime that was in the business of building group video chat software. I was hired as a front developer and quickly moved into product engineering and design leading the filled out of the browser based.

I helped champion co-viewing as a first class feature and developed a powerful component design system, using the earliest versions of react

The 2016 I was hired as a director of UX design at NBC Universal for their bravo TV and oxygen networks I designed key art campaigns digital properties and led to market one of the very first web-based video stories experience on the mobile web using early versions of react

In 2018 I joined JP Morgan To leave mobile Web front and development as a VP of technology in the fixed income offices. I introduced react to the organization and trained veteran engineers, while leading design and development of their flagship bond analytics platform

I was invited to join the team responsible for beginning [theredevelopmentofchase.com](http://theredevelopmentofchase.com) I helped her type layouts and architectures as well as published internal performance analytics using react

In 2021 I briefly joined [Altana.AI](http://Altana.AI) to help with the ideation and prototyping of their atlas product. I leveraged react, flow for graph visualizations to visualize supply chain and value channels.

In 2022 I was invited to sign on for an exploratory contract with FMGlobal To invent and design a new generation of their flagship engineering platform. For 18 months, I designed built and proceed proof of concept to subject matter, experts and users and stakeholders. I helped successfully obtain adoption and final implementation into the flagship software. The final combination of graph visualizer and on page state transitions that allowed for elegant visualization of complex industrial locations with a focus on financials. 

In 2025, Matt has begun to work on a data of his authorization platform for manufacturing and industrial settings. The project is called insight. And I would be happy to share a demo

[New Portfolio](New%20Portfolio%206fffc70a6bf049c8bdee766978e45cd9.md)